Hey, Boruto! Don't be in such a
hurry, alright?
I'm not in a hurry at all!
(SARADA) Just so you know,
Orochimaru's research lab is
guarded by jonin...
We can't rush up to it
recklessly.
(BORUTO) Yeah...
Just remember, it's all over if
we get caught, okay?
Hey, about Mitsuki's snake...
Will we really find out more...
...just by asking this
Orochimaru guy?
Probably. I have a feeling that
asking him about the snake will
be the quickest route.
Alright! Then as soon as we
learn something, we're gonna go
and look for Mitsuki!
Okay!
Wait for us, Mitsuki!
Mitsuki?...
...Disappeared?
Yes. And he didn't just
disappear.
He attacked some guards, and
then he just ran away.
That's what happened...
You seem to be trying to express
that you're surprised...
but hiding things won't help you
out.
Oh? Are you implying that I'm
the one pulling the strings from
the shadows?
But why would I do such a thing?
Listen... it's been quite a
while since I came to this place
to keep and eye on what you've
been up to here...
There haven't been any problems
all this time. But still...
this issue's not something we
can overlook.
Yamato... I think you should
know by now...
That my only goal is to simply
unlock the truth about
everything in this world.
I've no interests beyond-
In any case...
...if he contacts you, make sure
you let me know. Remember, this
is for Mitsuki's sake, as well.
Hmmm...
What a mess... Who would've
thought that this would happen?
(HOMURA) Naruto... I get the
gist of the point that you're
making.
However...
I simply cannot accept it.
According to this data, we don't
even know if this Mitsuki is a
human child or not.
Isn't that right?
Why'd you allow him in the
village?!
Mm...
And solely at your discretion?!
Without a doubt, we acknowledge
that Orochimaru could well pose
a danger. All the same...
We believe that in time, his
research will prove very useful
to the village.
Naruto, is all of this true?
Even if it is, he should've
consulted with us first.
Just acting on your own like
this is-
He probably thought you'd oppose
the idea if he brought it up,
right?
Well, I uh...
I believe that you're all right.
Huh?!
Kakashi Sensei...!
The way he went about it was
definitely reckless...
but I think Naruto also has a
good point.
The Hokage is the guardian of
the village.
I can't imagine he'd do anything
that wouldn't be to its benefit,
right?
Kakashi...
And our job is to offer help and
support to the Hokage.
Our role now is not to criticize
what has already occurred but to
assist in finding ways to...
resolve the situation...
Isn't that so?
[sigh and groan]
(NARUTO) That boy... Ever since
he came to the village...
...Mitsuki has attended the
Academy diligently and has
always worked hard on the...
missions he's been assigned as
a Hidden Leaf shinobi alongside
Boruto and Sarada.
That's why I still want to
maintain my faith in him. I want
to believe Mitsuki.
[sigh] Then we have no choice...
Alright! Searching for Mitsuki
has to become our top priority
now.
The situation will only get
worse if we keep wasting time
like this.
Tsunade, you're being so--!
Aren't you being too easy on
Lord Seventh?
Uh, Lord Seventh, sir!
Boruto and Sarada haven't
returned home!
Huh?!
[chattering]
Okay... I'll have the search
party for Mitsuki head westward.
I assume that Boruto and Sarada
have gone after Mitsuki.
Probably.
(SHIKAMARU) Shikadai...
...most likely knows what Boruto
is thinking. So Team Moegi
should-
Hm?
Konohamaru!
Please, let me go along, too.
Mm...
First Mitsuki and now Boruto and
Sarada, too. This involves Team
7. It's my team's problem.
Look, Konohamaru, I can imagine
how you're feeling. However...
Why'd you keep me in the dark
about Mitsuki?
You know what I'm talking about,
don't you, Lord Seventh?!
Orochimaru isn't only a heinous
criminal who brought disaster
upon the Leaf Village...
he's also...
(NARUTO) He's also the one who
killed your grandfather.
So why did you put Mitsuki on my
team, then?
Mitsuki has become important to
me, and I truly do trust him as
a member of Team 7, but still!
Listen, Konohamaru...
What if you had known? What if I
told you about Mitsuki before
this?
Would anything have
changed?
[gasp]
It's only natural that you can't
forgive Orochimaru.
But Mitsuki hasn't done anything
to earn your anger.
Just because he's the son of
your enemy, that doesn't make it
reasonable to hate him, does it?
Yes, I'm well aware of that,
believe me! And it's because I
know-
What I wanted was you to get to
know Mitsuki without any of that
getting in the way!
Although the way you found out,
having it sprung on you the way
that it was...
...I truly regret that.
Then, please sir! I'm begging
you! Let me go on the mission,
too!
Konohamaru... Listen, you gotta
calm down.
You can't let personal feelings
interfere with a mission. I'm
sorry...
but this time I can't let
you go.
[quivered breath]
It's not like Sarada to run off
on her own like this, don't you
think?
I'm guessing that she couldn't
stop Boruto, so she went with
him.
No way! What if Sarada's the one
who came up with this?
I really doubt that's what
happened.
Hey, so what do you think,
Shikadai?
Do you think Mitsuki's
involved in this incident
somehow?
Huh?
Uh, Shikadai?
That's not the problem right
now. We gotta stop Boruto and
Sarada.
And soon, before the hunters
become the hunted.
Hmmm...
Damn it, what a drag...
Sorry to keep you waiting.
As you all know, our mission, is
for us to bring Boruto and
Sarada back.
Yes, ma'am!
[gasp]
So he did come back...
Get him!
[grunt]
Wow, this place... I almost
can't believe Mitsuki actually
used to live here...
Alright, Orochimaru... where are
you, huh?
Uh...!
[gasp]
Omph!
Mitsuki...
No, it can't be...
(SUIGETSU) Don't move.
[gasp]
So, sneaking in here, huh...?
What a naughty kid.
[quivered breath]
You must be Boruto, right?
It's nice to meet you.
[heavy breath] So, wait, are you
Orochimaru, then?
Hey! It's "Lord" Orochimaru! And
my name is Suigetsu.
What is all of this?
He looks like Mitsuki...
A lot...
Yes, that's right. Every one of
them here is Mitsuki...
What?!
The Mitsuki I entrusted to the
Leaf is also one of my
experiments.
He's one of your
experiments...?!
Look, what is going on here?! Is
Mitsuki your child or isn't he?!
Of course he's my child.
I heard... that he has
disappeared from the Village.
Why are you so calm?! Aren't you
worried at all?!
There's no need to worry.
[gasp]
If anyone were to get wind of
what he is...
...the curse mark I implanted in
him will automatically
activate...
and he will simply
self-destruct.
There's no need to worry that
the secrets of my research will
be revealed.
What does that mean?! That's not
what I'm talking about!
Curse marks, secret research...
Mitsuki's not a "thing!"
How can you even call yourself a
parent?!
[chuckle]
What's so funny, huh?!
Nothing...
Anyway, Boruto...
You didn't actually come all the
way here merely to complain to
me, did you?
[grunts]
I wonder if Boruto's managed to
sneak inside yet.
[grunts]
[grunt] Ah!
[grunt]
[grunts]
Boruto's waiting.
You just leave Yamato to me.
Miss Karin, it's you!
You bet'cha! I think that those
glasses look just great on you!
Thank you so much, Karin!
This snake... what message did
it communicate to you?
It just said, "this is... My
will."
Hm...
But still... I mean, that
doesn't really tell me anything
at all, ya know?!
I figured if there's
anything...
...like even a small clue
in it...
I want you to check, please!
Alright then... But it will take
some time, so please wait here.
Your friend should be arriving
shortly.
Uh...!
Sarada!
Hey, I heard he's going to
check. Thank goodness!
Yeah... but...
Huh...?
Uhhh, Sarada. You've been here
before, haven't you?
Yeah. It was real quick, though.
Then, did you know?
Huh...?
No way... these are....
Yeah., they're all Mitsuki.
[sighed moan]
It seems that Mitsuki's gone
into stage two.
[grunt]
I told you before the boy can't
become the light alone.
However...
...if the sun illuminates him,
he'll shine through the
darkness, like moonlight.
I see.
But before he does so...
it's possible he'll feel the
need to understand the true
nature of that moonlight.
Understand the true nature of
the moonlight?
That's correct.
All we can really do is watch
over him so that he can
understand.
Found him!
[chuckle]
You can't get away form us now,
Mitsuki.
[chuckle]
[gasp and growl] Just what the
hell are you up to?
Didn't you think that was a good
training exercise?
You have to get serious now and
then or you'll grow dull!
[grunt and gasp]
Huh?!
The snake had no other message
to offer aside from the one you
heard, unfortunately.
But why...?
Why don't you know?!
Why did Mitsuki disappear the
way he did, then?!
Ask all you want, but I have no
answers for you.
Are you Mitsuki's parent or
not?!
Because you have replacements,
you aren't worried, is that it?
So you're okay with knowing
nothing?!
Why didn't Mitsuki just let me
know what was going on so
I'd understand?
Why did he go off all by himself
like that? I don't get it, I
don't get it at all!
After the incident, when we
found out about Mitsuki's true
identity...
Grandma Tsunade and
the others... every one
of them...
They all became suspicious of
Mitsuki!
But... there's no way he'd do
something like that!
Really, how can you be so sure?
What?!
You saw earlier. That boy was
born in a test tube and raised
in a lab.
You didn't even know
that before, did you?
[gasp]
It was his choice to leave this
place and to go to the Hidden
Leaf Village.
I supported his decision and
asked Naruto to take him in.
Let me ask you, Boruto...
...if it was Mitsuki's will, his
choice, to leave the Leaf
Village... how will you feel?
Uh...!
[heavy breath]
Boruto... You okay?
I'm sorry... that I got so
heated in there.
It's not like you...
So uncool, right?
I feel the same way as you.
Huh...?
I don't really have a clue about
what was going through Mitsuki's
head, either.
I mean, he hardly told us much
about anything at all, you
know?
No, you're wrong. We just didn't
try hard enough to listen to
him.
At all.
Really.
Yeah...
We were always together, all the
time in the world to talk...
But I...
Although... you were right about
what you said.
Huh?
[grunt]
Friends trust each other until
the very end, right?
That's right. But that isn't all
of it.
Uh...?
Mitsuki being born here...
And... how he lived after coming
to the village...
...what he was thinking, what he
was feeling... I didn't really
understand it... at all...
But still... Because of all
that...
I wanna see him and I really and
truly wanna get to know him.
(BORUTO) I feel that from the
bottom of my heart.
Hey.
What are you doing? Hurry!
Yeah, you're right.
That's why I'm absolutely gonna
find him.
But where do we even start
looking?
Hmmm...
(OROCHIMARU) So, what'll you do
now?
Are you all out of options?
Yeah, but...
...there's one thing I know
for sure. That I still have
trust in Mitsuki, even now.
Because, after all, I know he's
our friend.
I don't know why he
disappeared...
...but I'm just gonna keep on
believing in Mitsuki. And that's
why...
I have to see him again, no
matter what!
You're really just like the
Naruto I knew in the past.
Is this snake's message your
only clue?
Huh?
What I believe is that all
things possess their own
individual thoughts.
And it's not only through words
that one can convey one's will.
Can you please stop saying
things that make no sense?
So impatient. You ought to
listen to people more closely.
What I'm saying is that the
snake itself should have its own
thoughts.
It's own thoughts...?
You mean that we can extract
detailed information about
Mitsuki from the snake itself?
As I'd expect from Sasuke's
daughter.
Then... can you check that out?
For me, it's impossible.
However, I know someone who can
do it.
[gasps]
Yeah? So who is it?! And where
are they?!
I mean the White Snake Sage, who
lives in Ryuchi Cave.
The Sage is far from ordinary.
And quite an eccentric.
Orochimaru!
Well, well... What do you want
from me now?
I want answers! Why did you set
Karin after me?
What are you talking about?
Feigning ignorance again?
Then I'll ask another question.
Has anybody else come here
recently?
I'm considered a heinous
criminal by the Leaf.
Now who in the world would ever
want to come here looking for
someone like me?
We believe that Boruto and
Sarada may have come here
looking for Mitsuki.
That's news to me.
I don't have a choice. I'm going
to look around.
Go on. Be my guest...
[gasp]
(OROCHIMARU) Ryuchi Cave lies in
the darkest, farthest reaches of
the night.
Only those seeking it
can find it.
I hope you get to meet the
White Snake Sage. However, even
if you do...
I wonder if you'll be
able to return alive...
Listen, Boruto... do you really
think that we're going to be
able to get to this Ryuchi Cave?
It isn't whether we'll be able
to.
It's when!
(SHIKADAI) Found you!
[gasp]
[grunt]
You're not getting past us,
Boruto!
[grunts]
We can't do this! We can't stop
now!
(SHIKADAI) We're bringing you
guys back to the village. That's
our mission.
(BORUTO) Just hold on for a
minute, would ya, guys?!
I have to see Mitsuki one more
time and confirm some things
with him!
(SHIKADAI) I understand you're
worried about your friend.
But investigating the incident
isn't your mission, now, is it?
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: "The
Enemy, Ino-Shika-Cho!"
You're saying I can't help
a friend unless it's a mission?!